#summary How to add a library or a patch to a library.

=== How do I join the project? ===

We welcome developers with previous experience programming with the Maps API to join the project, and we especially love for developers who have already written API extensions to open-source them in our project.

To join the project, follow these steps:
  #1 Sign the [http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html Google CLA] -  scroll down for the easy to sign digital version, no faxing necessary.
  #2 Email [mailto:api.pamelafox@google.com Pamela] with links to code you've developed, and a brief paragraph about why you'd like to contribute to the library.
  #3 Wait for Pamela to respond that she's added you to the project (or to indicate she's missing something).
  #4 If you haven't used SVN or a versioning system in the past, read up on SVN (check SVNQuickTips page here).
  #4 Join the [http://groups.google.com/group/google-maps-api-for-flash-utility-library-group mailing list] and introduce yourself.


=== Why must I sign a CLA to start contributing? ===

We want to guarantee we have the right to use the code you contribute, and that we can release it under the same license (Apache 2) as the existing code. This protects us, and others who then use the code, from claims of copyright or patent infringement. It's important to note that our CLA does *not* assign copyright, or take away any of your rights to the code you contribute.  You are free to sell or license it to others differently than the license we use for the project. The Google CLA simply says that you give us the right to use your code as well. If you do have particular concerns about the CLA or Apache License, please contact us for further clarification.


=== Then what? ===

Do an authenticated checkout of the code, and follow the ReleaseProcess wiki when you're ready with the new library or patch.